We assumed that Jian Yang's app
was camera-based.
No, my app is a SeeFood.
Like a food...
-That you can see.
-...that you can see.
Oh, "see food."
S-E-E food.
SeeFood has to be great.
My job depends on it.
Uh, you guys,
Gavin Belson just got fired!
"Belson violated Hooli protocol
in the acquisition
of a company that contained
toxic assets."
Oh, that's us!
So, you're telling me
that the perfect application
of my algorithm belongs
to Gavin fucking Belson?
-Oh, hey.
-Did you get into Stanford?
They said they liked my story.
Why is my name on the board?
--Oh, no...
I know it's the middle
of the night.
I really just need
five minutes of your time.
Okay.
- Holy shit.
- What happened?
I was working
through some issues.
Mind the glass.
What the fuck is this?
It's a license...
for your peer-to-peer
computer communication patent.
It's-- It's very standard stuff.
Essentially, in exchange
for your patent,
you would get
a royalty and equity
in the new company
that I'm starting up.
So if you just, uh,
sign there
by the Post-It note,
and I will take it and leave,
and you will never see me again.
Are you joking?
Uh, well, I guess
we could hang out.
Richard, stop talking.
I was just ousted
from my own company,
a company I built
from the ground up.
My legacy is in ashes.
Oh. Come on, I wouldn't...
I wouldn't say that.
Well, The Wall Street
Journal  said that.
Oh?
I lost everything
because of something you did,
and you're here at 3:00 a.m.
asking me for a favor?
Really? You're a mean person,
Richard. Do you know that?
You are a bad guy.
No. No, no, no.
I wouldn't say that.
I think, maybe,
what's happening is that
you're just not understanding
the technology
I'm trying to build here.
Oh, so now I'm stupid, too?
I know what
the technology is, Richard.
I have a patent on it.
What the fuck is
a matter with you?
So you're not gonna sign it?
No, I'm not
gonna sign this!
Jesus! You're a fucking sadist,
you know that?
You're demented!
I'm almost tempted
to let you have a run at it
just to watch you waste
your fucking time.
This technology did not work
when Peter theorized it,
and it doesn't work now.
It-It, um...
It actually does work now.
It does.
Oh, really?
When did the laws
of physics change?
When I exceeded
the theoretical limit
of compression at TechCrunch.
You were there.
I know I was there!
Thank you for bringing up
that very painful memory!
Okay.
Can I...
Can I just...
What?
...draw on this?
Sure, why not?
It's shattered,
just like I am.
I read Peter's notes,
all of them,
and he knew
that a peer-to-peer Internet
was possible in the future,
but he was
also basing that on,
what,
old desktop computers.
He never, ever foresaw
the ubiquity or power
of all of our modern-day
smartphones.
He was also dealing
with a completely different
Weissman limit.
So... uh, yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
What is that?
Is that number correct?
The delta
in mean device efficiency?
Yeah, it is.
See, eventually,
over time,
this will render
every server
that Hooli
operates obsolete,
which would make
Jack Barker shit himself.
Holy shit!
You know what?
Actually, I'm gonna...
Welcome
to the future, Gavin.
Whoa!
Oh, no. Oh, no.
Son of a bitch!
I-- I'm sorry.
Wow, Dinesh,
this front-end design
looks great.
Thank you.
Nice work.
What's in that?
That is a burrito
for the test.
Good to know.
Oh.
Let him have it.
Gilfoyle thought
he was too good
to work on SeeFood,
and now he's
about to lose a fortune.
Okay. Ready for test.
After you, milady.
Oh, this is weird.
Mia just texted me
"Good luck with the demo."
Did any of you guys
tell her about this?
Your hacker girlfriend
wouldn't happen to know
the model of our router,
would she?
Yeah, actually,
she... complimented
your choice.
Why didn't
you say anything?
Why would I tell you she said
something nice about you?
Damn it.
We have to assume
she's everywhere.
Okay. It's ready.
Please, God.
What would you say
if I told you there is
an app on the ma--
We're past that part!
Just demo it.
Okay. Let's start
with a hot dog.
Oh shit.
- Yes! Oh!
- It works.
- Motherfuck!
- Huzzah!
Jian-Yang, my beautiful
little Asiatic friend,
I'm going to buy you
the palapa of your life.
We will have 12 posts,
braided palm leaves.
You'll never
feel exposed again.
I'm gonna be rich.
Fuck you, Gilfoyle.
Do pizza.
Yes, do pizza.
- Yeah.
- Do pizza.
Pizza.
"Not hot dog"?
Wait. What the fuck?
Huh?
That's-- that's it?
It only does hot dogs?
No, and "not hot dog."
Give me that.
Give it to me.
Jian-Yang.
Motherfuck.
I gave you the ability
to spin gold,
and instead,
you've spun pubic hair
with shit in it,
and gravel and corn--
Hold on, hold on.
Jian-Yang's
actually put together
a pretty good classifier.
You know? I mean,
the core tech is valid.
It just...
It just needs
to be trained.
So, what he did
for hot dogs,
he needs to repeat
for every food in existence?
No, that's very boring work.
That's scraping the Internet
for thousands of food pictures.
You can--
you can hire
someone else.
We can't,
because we just spent
a big fat stack of cash
on little Dinesh over here.
And there are
other expenses--
legal, marketing,
operating fees,
those goddamn
AWS charges.
Fucking Bezos.
And so,
we do not have
the funds
to hire scut workers
to do your scraping for you.
And thus,
you will scrape
the Internet.
You and you alone.
I'm sorry, the time
to back out was before
you signed the term sheet.
I'm gonna tell Laurie that
this was a smashing success.
Go make it one.
Erlich was right.
You are a white witch.
Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah.
Oh.
Good. Yes, you are all here.
Um, I think it's probably time
we all had a chat.
About what?
Well, I'm pretty sure
you're all...
wondering
where I've been.
You were gone?
Yes, I was gone all week.
I saw you come out
of the shower yesterday.
Okay. Well,
obviously, I've been
sleeping here at night,
but I've been gone
during the day.
Pretty sure that shower
was in the morning.
That's part
of the day, Richard.
Okay, Gilfoyle, I-I-- I've been
sleeping here at night,
and then I've been here
for some mornings,
but I'm--
I've left the house
during the day.
We all leave the house
during the day, Richard.
That's not weird.
I went to get coffee
this morning.
Yeah, I went
to the dispensary,
and then I'd smoked
the weed before I got home,
so I went back
to the dispensary.
You know what?
I just realized I haven't left
the house in six days.
Now that's worth exploring.
Okay, I get it. Look.
Every day this week,
I have been...
at Gavin Belson's house.
What?
Gavin has offered to go
into business together.
But, look,
I just came there
for the patent,
and he was
the one who wanted
to be full partners.
What did you say?
We talked about it,
and we agreed
that it would be
the best thing to do.
Oh, good Lord.
Richard... no.
Guys, look,
I have the patent.
I also have funding
and real, genuine insight
to the whole thing.
Let's not forget here
that Gavin is
a co-founder
of a bajillion-dollar
tech company.
Are you out
of your fucking mind?
When you don
the skin of the beast,
the man within dies.
What is that? Nietzsche?
One of the boys
at my group home
always said that.
He died.
You're not pulling Dinesh
off SeeFood.
And I am not
leaving SeeFood
to go work
for Gavin fucking Belson.
I'm not asking you to.
You're not?
Guys, do you not remember
the last time we talked
about us all working
with Gavin Belson?
Gilfoyle, you told me
to chortle your balls,
and everybody else
walked out of the room.
I know how much
you hate him,
which is exactly why
I told Gavin if we were
gonna do this thing,
that you guys
wouldn't be coming with.
So we have hired
a recruiter to...
find people
to replace you guys.
Even me?
Uh, well, no.
You don't really need
to be replaced.
True, I can't be replaced.
Well, when you left
video chat,
you did keep the rights
to the algorithm, so--
I mean, it's weird,
but I guess it's really
none of our business.
It's my fucking business.
I now own ten percent--
Five percent, actually.
What?
Ten percent of my half
of the company
is five percent.
But, I mean, look,
your shares are gonna
be worth a whole lot more
than they ever would,
now with the patent and Gavin
being involved, so...
So then we're all good here,
I guess, right?
I think that's right.
Weird.
All right. Well,
thanks for understanding.
Uh, you're welcome.
I don't think
we need to be afraid
of the Wi-Fi.
It's pronounced "wifey,"
and clearly
you don't understand
the threat level
of the person that you're
sexually disappointing.
We're going hardwire.
What about for my phone?
You mean the thing
that tracks your movement
and every interaction
you have?
Literally,
your fingerprint?
The second
you're on Wi-Fi,
it's like you're
leaving her alone
with your phone.
So, actually
leaving her alone
with my phone...
that would be bad?
You fucking idiot.
I was in the bathroom.
For how long?
A while.
Really?
Who's that?
Oh, Richard's meeting
with Brett Saxby.
From Hooli?
Formerly.
The recruiter
sent him over.
He's interviewing him
for head of engineering.
Why? That guy sucks.
Why is Richard in there
with Brett Saxby?
I mean, he was
in Gavin's inner circle.
Is Richard aware of that?
Is anyone taking notes?
Does Richard
even have a pen?
That is so funny.
It's 10:00 a.m.
Why are they drinking beer?
Because he sucks.
Did Dick say who else
he was meeting with?
The recruiter sent him
a whole big list right there.
Gonna be late
for class.
Ooh, how's that going?
Oh, it's okay.
I'm just a little nervous
I might run out
of material soon.
We already watched
the Facebook movie,
A.I., The Net,
and half of Tron.
Which Tron?
What? No. Tron.
There's two Trons.
Oh, shit.
That's awesome.
It should get me
through another week. Thanks.
This entire list
is a shit show of shitheads.
Why would
Richard trust
a recruiter
to source him recruits?
It doesn't make sense.
Huh.
What?
You guys seem
like super invested
in who Richard hires to work
with Gavin Belson, that's all.
Are you
insinuating jealousy?
This is just concern
for Richard's vision.
Mm-hmm.
If Richard wants
to saddle himself
with mediocrity...
go for it.
You did not.
I swear to God, bro.
I swear to God.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Next time you bust out
the old Sea-Doo,
give me a call.
Good.
Guys, you know Brett.
Nope.
Uh, it's great
to meet you guys.
We've met.
Uh, okay.
Well, it has been
a pleasure.
I shall walk you
to your car.
All right.
Uh, After me.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
I hate him.
Gentlemen, I just paid
the palapa contractor.
The palapa piper,
so to speak.
The dream is a reality.
We'll no longer be exposed...
to the elements.
Hey, Erlich.
You wanna guess who's
on this list of availables
that Richard just got
from his recruiter?
Who?
Your boy, Jian-Yang.
What?
Jian-Yang!
You already have
a fucking job, Jian-Yang.
You have
to finish SeeFood.
Now get
to food scraping.
I fucking hate SeeFood.
I have to look
at different hot dogs.
There's Chinese hot dogs,
Polish hot dogs,
Jewish hot dogs.
It fucking stupid.
Well, here.
Here's one more for you.
See? "Hot dog." It doesn't
even fucking work right.
Then you should hire someone
using company money,
not build a roof
over nothing.
The palapa was budgeted for,
Jian-Yang.
That's what you do
when you get funding,
you upscale your workspace
to help with recruiting.
You just said
you recruit no one.
Because we spent
all the money on upscaling.
Why... Why is this
so confusing?
You're stealing.
If you can steal,
I can quit.
I have meetings
at Periscope, Airbnb.
Good companies.
The fuck you do.
We still have $150,000
of Raviga's money left.
That's three months
of burn.
So, until we are
dick up and flat broke,
this is your life.
Get to it.
This is no life.
I want to live.
Erase that dick picture.
You've got mail.
Yes.
Those are
very powerful words.
Sorry.
No, no. It's okay.
Your phone has
technology inside it,
so you're double-learning.
♪ Run up on me and they'll
wonder if u living ♪
♪ Tell u one thing
and u better not... ♪
Jian-Yang,
what in the good fuck is that?
It's called
business expense.
♪ Tired of all these
pocket watchers, niggas... ♪
You buy a hut.
I... buy a car.
You say,
"Keep doing SeeFood
until money is gone."
Now, the money is gone.
Dick...
is up.
Where'd you get
those sunglasses?
Did they come with the car?
These are
from your mom.
Listen, Jian-Yang,
you can't just blow the rest
of our runway on a Corvette.
Who's gonna
scrape the Internet?
Twelve-speaker sound system.
It's very loud,
very expensive.
♪ Over there looking
at me like mase now ♪
♪ Touch and tease me
like case now ♪
♪ So Imma gone head
and just break it down ♪
♪ Just bring it on back
when u back around ♪
♪ Niggas talk worse
than bitches ♪
♪ So u gotta watch
who you kick it wit ♪
The fuck was that?
Oh, just three months
of runway being driven off
by 90 pounds
of asshole.
Spoken by a 280-pound
pile of shit.
The fuck are
you gonna do now?
Professor Bighetti,
a word if you please?
Richard...
I know it's none
of my business...
but I worked with that
Brett Saxby fellow at Hooli.
He's a talented engineer,
but in an office environment,
he can be both tardy and fresh.
Uh, I'm--
I'm not hiring him.
He uses spaces not tabs.
I see. Okay.
Well, that's a relief.
But, Richard, what about
the next Brett Saxby?
Or the Brett Saxby
after that?
And even
if you vet them all,
you are still
in a room with Gavin.
So? We're partners.
What's your point?
He and his--
his posse
of-- of bandits
and cutthroats
will turn on you
in a second.
You need me...
the half-crazed,
half-Apache
who will do anything
to get your back.
I'll scalp Gavin
if I have to,
and all the rest
of those paleface
sons of bitches.
I'll kill them with knives.
I'll kill them with guns.
I'll kill them
with my hands.
I'll talk them into suicide.
It doesn't matter.
All right, Jared,
I... I think what
you're asking is...
you want a job?
If you think you can
find a place for me--
Yeah, of course, Jared.
Yeah?
You're more than welcome
to work on this.
But just to be clear,
you're not gonna stab
anyone, are you?
Oh, it feels good
to laugh.
So... So,
that's a no then?
Richard.
So, we're not gonna finish
the movie?
Yeah, sorry,
but my colleague here
was pretty adamant
that a better use
of class time
might be to learn
while accomplishing something.
Now take one, pass it
all the way down.
We're supposed
to scrape the Internet
for thousands of food images?
Yeah. So you'll find, like,
five or 30,000 pictures
of your food,
and then put them in a folder
with that food's name on it.
And it's good if you get,
like, weird angles
or lighting of your food.
So it should be pretty fun.
So we're gathering
training data
to run through
a convolutional neural net.
Like an image classifier?
Who wants broccoli?
Broccolini
for the ladies?
Broccoli.
Just so you know,
this does not mean
I don't trust her.
I'm just doing this
so you'll, like, shut up
and leave me alone.
Mia, if you're listening,
you're so pretty.
Oh, you're both
headed to Gavin's?
Indeed we are.
Together again.
Butch Cassidy and his head
of business development.
Oh, wow,
another Western reference.
Yaw!
Let's go.
You know,
he'd hire you, too.
What?
All you have to do is admit
that you want the job.
And, like, get down
on your knees and beg.
Says the guy
who's romancing a woman
through a phone
that isn't even on.
A woman that he described
to me in private
as a skinny
little fuck factory.
Oh, no, I didn't. God.
Mia, I would never do that.
Richard, Brett Saxby ran
my data analytics team
for three years.
Respectfully,
I think passing
on him is a mistake.
Yes. Well, uh,
I met with Brett Saxby,
and, um...
to be honest...
To be honest, I don't--
I don't think he's our man.
Fair enough.
There are plenty of good
alternatives on this list.
Although, I'm a little confused
by your notes on some
of these people.
"David Burnham.
Annoying slob,
fucked-up face.
I could write better Python
with my asshole."
You know what? I think...
I think you have my list.
Yes, I have
a very weird shorthand.
Yeah.
Okay, next.
Becca Th--
No, guys,
that goes in the--
the sunroom.
I'll show you. All right.
Back in a flash.
Come this way,
gentlemen. Here.
God, there are pages
of graphic insults here.
Fucking Gilfoyle.
Right?
Richard, would you be open
to having Gilfoyle
on the team?
Well, yeah, of course.
I mean, I'd hire him
in a second,
but he'd never do it.
Richard, Gilfoyle is
a man of intense pride.
So, when he refers
to a potential employee
as a "pig-faced
fuck nose,"
what I hear is
"I need to be needed."
Well, what I hear is
"pig-faced fuck nose."
Exactly.
I mean, Gilfoyle's insults
are normally well crafted,
almost poetic.
Last week, he referred
to me as "Frankenstein's
bulimic daughter."
Yeah, I get
what you mean.
So what do you want me
to do, Jared, beg him?
Well, I... I think
a little outreach
would be
in the company's
best interest.
Really? "Butt-dick"?
The man's in pain.
Hey, I know this system
is super confusing,
but we don't see
any completed assignments.
Cut the shit.
Where's the work?
Well, we all got to talking
the other day after class.
We couldn't figure out
if you were, like, a TA
or why you were
giving us assignments,
but we all agreed
we didn't like the way
that you were speaking
to Professor Bighetti.
I'm used to it.
So we searched your name
on PitchBook,
and that SeeFood app you got
funded at Raviga popped up.
PitchBook?
How do you have
access to PitchBook?
Your idea was
so simple.
It was like something
you could come up with
in the room during a meeting.
Which is what Garrett
from Coleman Blair told us
at the CS undergrad mixer
on Friday.
Hey, Erlich.
Here I am.
Class of '06.
Go Cardinal.
Anyways, we founded our own
Shazam-for-food company,
and he's funding us.
Mm-hmm.
Whoa, congrats!
Wait, that's stealing.
No. It's exactly
what Mark Zuckerberg did
to the Winkle guy
in that Facebook movie
Professor Bighetti
had us watch.
And he was the hero
of that film.
And with all
of us working together,
we'll easily
beat you to market.
So, that's how
it goes, huh? Hmm?
You steal a man's idea,
rendering his company worthless.
I've read a number
of disparaging articles
about your generation
in The Atlantic
and Slate.com summaries.
It's all true.
fuck you!
Professor Bighetti,
I'll see you at home.
You apologize?
In this case,
yes, I apologize.
Who am I to advise you
on your very valuable company?
It's time to let you go,
like a bird.
So, go out there
without me.
Make your recipe app.
Take your meetings.
Live.
That being said...
...since there's no cash
to buy me out,
I propose this:
allow me to keep
the palapa
and give me the 'Vette.
You're cashing out?
Dinesh, stay out
of this, please.
Car and hut
for ten percent?
It's a palapa.
Okay. It's a deal.
You know,
the car was a mistake.
I was driving next
to a store window,
and I stop and look
in my reflection.
I looked like an asshole.
Yes, I'm sure
it was just the car.
A little piece of advice
regarding American culture,
a Corvette takes
a certain sort of man
to be able to pull off.
Like a fedora.
Anyway, keys?
Oh, and now that
I'm out of the company,
you'll need to tell Monica
what transpired.
Thank you.
Gentlemen, I'm off to be
out and about in the 'Vette.
Be back for supper,
that is, of course,
unless I get fucked to death
by the fairer sex.
Gilfoyle, Richard would like
a moment, if you don't mind.
Do you guys need me
to go somewhere else?
No, it's fine.
You can stay.
You can hear this.
Okay, well, Gilfoyle,
I have reviewed
the candidates,
and it is very clear
to me that our company
cannot succeed
without your unrivaled talents
as a systems architect.
So, would you please,
please, please...
please come work
for Pied Piper?
Thanks for asking.
I'm going to put this
as delicately as I know how.
You can chortle my balls.
Okay, well...
so who do we want
to run front-end dev?
"Cunt-ass" or...
"Fuck-jerk"?
Listen.
This thing with Gavin
isn't gonna work without me,
so, because
I feel bad for you
and I'd hate to see
you fuck up good tech,
which will happen
if I'm not there,
I'm willing to help you.
That's a beautiful gesture.
So, you're back aboard.
FYI, Becca Thorton is
a cancerous prolapsed anus
of a human being,
but as a systems engineer,
she's not all bad.
Laurie?
Oh! Yes.
Monica, come in.
I just heard
the good news.
About?
Jian-Yang's nimble pivot.
Back away
from the glass, please.
Special occasion.
He told me
the whole story.
His interview
at Periscope,
his discovery of a photo
of Bachman's genitals
on his phone
when demonstrating
the app,
and his eureka moment
when it turned out
that his
"not hot dog" technology
out-performed Periscope's
own technology.
He said all that?
Not quickly.
The eventual point,
Jian-Yang unwittingly crafted
an amazing tool
for the real-time detection
and filtering
of penile imagery.
And Periscope does have
a dick problem.
Monica.
Jian-Yang went
to Periscope for a job
and walked out
with a $4-million
acquisition offer.
Given our
liquidation preference,
we have 10 X'ed
in two weeks,
so hats off...
Well, thank you
so much.
...to Ed Chen
for his shrewd call,
both to invest in this
and make you lead.
He is quite astute,
which is why we have promoted
him to senior partner.
Yeah.
Monica, you've got Erlich.
I'm here
with Jian-Yang,
and he just told me
that you traded
ten percent of the company
for a used car and a...
A hut.
A hut?
A palapa, and so what?
What do you mean it's
a half-a-million-dollar palapa?
Erlich, is the refrigerator
running?
This is Mike Hunt,
and he's rich.
Shit!
Oh, hey, when you begged
Richard for the job,
did you actually, like,
literally lick his boots,
or did you just go like,
"Pretty please, Richard.
Please can I have
a job, Richard?"
Whatever I did,
it was worth it
for the chance
to work without you.
Speaking of, did your deal
with Periscope ever close?
Yep. If I stay a year,
I vest a big chunk
of Twitter stock.
Great.
And... what exactly
are you working on?
Oh, you know,
we're tuning...
our algorithm.
We're reconfiguring our...
classifier from food to...
another purpose.
Uh-huh. In other words,
you sit around and look
at dick pics all day long.
Don't let me stop you.
Wow.
I would say,
"Not safe for work,"
but this is your work...
for a year...
at least.
Is that one...
actually a hot dog?
No.
Not hot dog.
♪ On my own ♪
♪ So I'm gonna
see you later, nigga ♪
♪ I'm on my own ♪
♪ Bitch, I'm on my own ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Drinks been paid for
for that night ♪
♪ No dimes spent,
you know that's right ♪
♪ Got a couple thick chicks
that been on my side ♪
♪ Got a couple in the club
done caught my eye ♪
♪ See you later ♪
♪ On my own ♪
♪ On my own,
on my own ♪
see you later ♪
♪ Said, "Bitch,
I'm on my own" ♪
♪ I'll see you later ♪
♪ I said, "Bitch,
I'm on my own" ♪
♪ Said I might
see you later ♪
♪ On my own ♪
♪ Bye-bye,
see you later ♪
♪ Bitch,
I'm on my own ♪
♪ Bye-bye,
see you later ♪
♪ Bitch,
I'm on my own ♪
♪ Bye-bye, see you later ♪
♪ Bitch, I'm on my own ♪
So in building this
peer-to-peer internet,
-uh...
-Everything okay?
I don't know. Is it?
Regular transfusions
of the blood
of a physically fit donor
can significantly retard
the aging process.
And Bryce is
the picture of health.
He looks like
a Nazi propaganda poster.
Oh.
Tequila shots
at a baby shower.
Monica, this is not
a baby shower.
This is a coup.
Get in before you get cut.
What are you talking about?
You said it yourself.
You either bro down,
or you go down.
I didn't say anything
close to that.